{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Slide 1: Title\
Programmer's Profession: \
\
Slide 2: Professional Experience\
I am a programmer with five years of experience in commercial development. My professional path began at Mercury, where I was a Junior Developer and then moved to NetCracker, where I worked for three years.\
\
Slide 3: My education and professional qualifications\
I have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Harvard, one of the top universities in the world. I also took several online courses in programming and software development, which helped me develop my skills in those areas.\
\
Slide 4: My work experience\
I started my career as a programmer at Mercury, where I was responsible for developing and maintaining web applications. During my time at that company, I developed and successfully launched several web applications that were well received by the market.\
\
After that, I moved to NetCracker where I took on the role of lead programmer. In this role, I was responsible for developing new features for web applications and maintaining existing code. Through my work, we have improved the performance of our applications and increased their reliability.\
\
Slide 5: My skills\
I have a wide range of skills that can be useful to your company. In addition, I am constantly striving to improve my skills and learn new things. Some of my skills include:\
\
Web application development.\
OOP (Object Oriented Programming)\
Frameworks (e.g. Django, Ruby on Rails)\
Databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL)\
Git and version control systems\
Code testing and debugging\
\
Slide 6: My vision\
I also believe it's important to be ready for change and take on new challenges. I am willing to learn and evolve in order to be the best in my profession and contribute as much as possible to the success of our company.\
\
Slide 7: Why I want to work at your company\
I am very interested in the opportunity to work for your company, as I believe it will be a great opportunity for me to grow professionally and personally. Your company has an excellent reputation in the market and I respect its values and development strategy.  \
\
Slide 8: How I can contribute to your company\
I am confident that my experience and knowledge will help me to quickly adapt to a new environment and start working on projects. I am ready to contribute to your company by providing new ideas and strategies to help it move forward. I am also willing to listen and learn from my colleagues to improve my skills and achieve common goals.\
\
Slide 9: Conclusion\
I am confident that I can be a valuable member of your team and help the company succeed in its projects and goals. I would be happy to answer your questions and discuss the possibility of working for your company. Thank you!}