{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18820\viewh12840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Dear Ivan Ivanov,\
\
I, Maxim Manannikov, have been working for you at Mercury for 3 years as a frontend development programmer. I am glad to have the opportunity to write a recommendation letter and to share my opinion about my skills, knowledge and qualities gained during my work in your company.\
\
I started working for your company as a programmer and quickly adapted to new programming languages and technologies. During 3 years I was involved in various projects including writing code for an online bank. During my work I got huge experience in commercial website design and layout, and developed my skills in using programming languages such as JS and markup and stylesheets languages.\
\
I have always tried to be professional, accurate and efficient in my work. I was always willing to help my colleagues and share my knowledge, which contributed to the overall effectiveness of our team. I was also willing to take on additional tasks and successfully handled an increased workload.\
\
In addition, I always appreciated the professional attitude and approach demonstrated by your company. I have been impressed with the way you treat your employees and customers, as well as the way you strictly adhere to high quality standards.\
\
I would gladly recommend myself as an experienced, talented and responsible programmer. I am confident that my programming experience and skills and my personality can be an important contribution to the development and prosperity of your company.\
\
I would be happy to answer any additional questions or provide additional information that may help you make your decision. Thank you for the opportunity to work for your company and for the experience, which will be useful for my further professional development.\
\
Regards,\
Maxim Manannikov}